Added docs for Deprecator in CONTRIBUTING.md (#2919)
faker-ruby/faker: CONTRIBUTING.md

end
```

## Deprecating Generators

> To deprecate entire generators, we use the [Faker::Deprecator](https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker/blob/main/lib/helpers/deprecator.rb) helper module. Here's how to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deprecate entire generators and provide backwards compatibility when it's possible, use this custom [Faker::Deprecator](https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker/blob/main/lib/helpers/deprecator.rb) helper module. It's useful for renaming a generator, for example, renaming `IDNumber` to `IdNumber`. Here's how to use it:

```

- include the `Faker::Deprecator` module after the class definition.
- add the `deprecate_generator` method with the old and new class names as arguments.

```rb 
module Faker
  class IdNumber < Base
    ## methods
  end

  include Faker::Deprecator
  deprecate_generator('IDNumber', IdNumber)
end
```

`Faker::IDNumber` is now deprecated. Despite the deprecation, it will still be available with logged warnings and will be removed in the next major release.

```rb
Faker::IDNumber.valid #=> "552-56-3593"

## Deprecation warning
DEPRECATION WARNING: Faker::IDNumber is deprecated. Use Faker::IdNumber instead.
```

> 

Reviewer: could you also add a note about having tests for both generators: the one being deprecated and the new one? Technically, testing the deprecator itself is enough but I want to be extra sure to avoid any issues people might encounter. Additionally, could you also add this PR for reference? https://github.com/faker-ruby/faker/pull/2856
